An unhappy civilian asks the court to mandate comprehensive education in schools in a dramatic yet amusing courtroom play.
DCP Veer Sooryavanshi, the chief of the Anti-Terrorism Squad in India, tries to bring down a terrorist organization with which he has a history.

Two couples with the same surname pursue in-vitro fertilization and wait for their upcoming babies. Trouble ensues when they find that the sperms of each couple have been mixed with each other.
Based on true events of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) successfully launching the Mars Orbiter Mission (Mangalyaan), making it the least expensive mission to Mars.
Based on an incredible true story of the Battle of Saragarhi in which an army of 21 Sikhs fought against 10,000 Afghans in 1897.
Siddharth, a hotelier, takes up the responsibility of repairing the relationship between his independent wife, Roshni, and his enterprising mother-in-law, Durga Devi.
A woman threatens to leave her husband unless he installs a toilet in their home. To win back her love and respect, he heads out on a journey to fight against the backward society.
A naval officer returns home to find out about his wife's affair. Soon, he surrenders after murdering the lover but as the case unfolds, it starts to reveal his hidden intention.
When Iraq invades Kuwait in August 1990, a callous Indian businessman becomes the spokesperson for more than 170,000 stranded countrymen.
Three friends in their 60s try to do everything that they couldn't do in their younger days - before death arrives.
A man is married to two women; both wives unaware of the other's existence. When a proposal arrives for his sister, he must turn to Jeeta for help.
The film is set in the time of 50's and 60's about journey of a 13 year old young boy who ran away from his hostel and how this young boy matures with time when he meets a woman and her kids.
A shopkeeper takes God to court when his shop is destroyed by an earthquake.
A space scientist working on a project to communicate with aliens visits a village called Paglapur. To improve the plight of the inhabitants of Paglapur, he comes up with a novel idea.
An ethnic Canadian hockey player struggles against traditional family values and discrimination from mainstream hockey players.
Three wives engage the services of a private investigator after they suspect their respective husbands of infidelity.
Posing as a movie director, a conman attempts to trick an entire village into helping him rob a treasure-laden train.
A young man tries to revive his parents' wilting marriage by traveling to the 1970s when their romance was budding and make it bloom: something more complex than he expects.
A seemingly corrupt petty contractor faces challenges from the local municipality, his family, his employees, as well as a former girlfriend and her family.
